feat: notify devs when user has used magic link login. (#413)
codeigniter4/shield: docs/quickstart.md

    - [Change Access Token Lifetime](#change-access-token-lifetime)
    - [Enable Account Activation via Email](#enable-account-activation-via-email)
    - [Enable Two-Factor Authentication](#enable-two-factor-authentication)

>     - [Responding to Magic Link Logins](#responding-to-magic-link-logins)

Reviewer: How do you update the TOC?
We need tool and/or documentation for contributors.

Reviewer 2: I ask you to pay attention to #21 again.
The fact that we do not know about _vuepress static site generater_ is not a good reason for not paying attention to the good performance of #21 
Also, we have already had a request in #373.

Reviewer: I just asked how to update the TOC in the markdown file.

I don't need HTML documentation personally.
But if someone wants it, I'm fine.

Author: @kenjis I just use the Markdown All-in-One plugin for VS Code.

];
```

### Responding to Magic Link Logins

> Magic Link logins allow a user that has forgotten their password that have an email sent with a unique login link that will provide a one-time login for them. Once they've logged in you can decide how to respond. In some cases, you might want to redirect them to a special page where the must choose a new password. In other cases, you might simply want to display a one-time message prompting them to go to their account page and choose a new password there.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Magic Link logins allow a user that has forgotten their password to have an email sent with a unique, one-time login link. Once they've logged in you can decide how to respond. In some cases, you might want to redirect them to a special page where they must choose a new password. In other cases, you might simply want to display a one-time message prompting them to go to their account page and choose a new password.
```

];
```

### Responding to Magic Link Logins

Magic Link logins allow a user that has forgotten their password to have an email sent with a unique, one-time login link. Once they've logged in you can decide how to respond. In some cases, you might want to redirect them to a special page where they must choose a new password. In other cases, you might simply want to display a one-time message prompting them to go to their account page and choose a new password.

#### Session Notification

You can detect if a user has finished the magic link login by checking for a session value, `magicLogin`. If they have recently completed the flow, it will exist and have a value of `true`.

```php
if (session('magicLogin')) {
    return redirect()->route('set_password');
}
```

This value sticks around in the session for 5 minutes. Once you no longer need to take any actions, you might want to delete the value from the session.

```php

> session()->removeTempData('magicLogin');

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
session()->removeTempdata('magicLogin');
```
Sorry guys, I just saw this.🫣
